Assignment: CRUD API

#### To use the app:
1. Install dependencies and devDependencies with `npm install` command.
2. Use `npm run start:dev` to run app in development mode.
   1. dev mode is using nodemon and ts-node to run server from typescript files.
3. Use `npm run start:prod` to run app in production mode.
   1. prod mode is using node to run a server after compiling ts files to js files with typescript compiler.
4. Use `npm test` to run test.
   1. !!! The server need to be offline at the moment of the starting test, because supertest will turn it on automatically.
   2. test scenarions are implemented with `supertest` and `jest`
5. Use `npm run start:multi` to run app using CLUSTER API.

#### Userdata:
1. All information in request body should be presented in **JSON format**
2. **name, age, hobbies** should be provided by app user in request for POST method with proper types
3. **name or age or hobbies (or theirs combinations)** should be provided by app user in request for PUT method with proper types
    - `id` - generated on server side in form of `uuid`. Typeof **string**
    - `name` - provided by user of the app. Typeof **string**
    - `age` - provided by user of the app. Typeof **string**
    - `hobbies` - provided by user of the app. Typeof **Array of strings or empty Array**
Example of userdata providedin request body:
```
{
  "name": "Thomas",
  "age": 26,
  "hobbies": ["programming", "reading"]
}
```
Example of uuid generated by server `f4330e03-8cad-4305-a4db-fa03543d9561`
